I'm writing this so I can get things logically sorted when working through this monster of a component:

Initiate Battlefield with objects low and high.
Dispatch entities to render on the battlefield.
Invite players that are partied with the user.
Wait until party invites expire (30 sec or 2 minutes)
Grab player skin data (and render this to the models)
	Make an API for wardrobe to return this information?
Hide any player nametags.
Randomly choose attacking order except for the first person to start it.

Battle loop:

Build the new HUD elements that are restricted to combat only.
	Check for player inputs here, do not move the player.
	Allow the player to use two camera modes, free mode, and over the shoulder.
	Display options that can be used.
	Check for unlocked skills and hide locked ones. (They can view it in their codex later.)
	If choosing to attack a target, a HUD element shows the player to attack. AoE attacks uses an entity renderer.
		The AoE and freeform targeter will point at the square, and have your players head visible over the top of it.
		Users in stealth are NOT shown on the HUD.
	If melee, an AP cost is shown to move in range of the target.
Wait for all connected players to perform their actions, any disconnected players are considered dead.
Perform skills and player movements in the order defined at init.
	Players move first, then perform the skills.
		Skills must check for in cover, but AP will still be consumed when moving.
		Skills also check for dodge percentages and any active stealth users. AP will also still be consumed when performing these.
			Untargeted AoE attacks will hit any users that are actively using stealth and dodging.
	Cycle through the turns until nobody is left player wise.
	AI entities in PvE will always attack last, even if they initiate the battle.
		AIs attacks will always be in a random order, unlike players.
		AIs also have to perform the same skill checks as players do.
	If an attack hits, damage processing occurs here:
		Resistances to light, dark, radiation, fire, ice, biological, electrical, plasma, laser and physical are done here.
		Buffs and passives are added onto base resistances last.
	Players taking damage will emit a hit noise, and display HP lost over their heads.
	Players or AI that are killed will be removed from the battle immediately.
	If partied players are the only ones surviving, then end the battle, and grant XP to the survivors and end the battle loop.
Return to battle loop start: